Update README.md (#6)
cosmos/gorocksdb: README.md

```bash
CGO_CFLAGS="-I/opt/homebrew/Cellar/rocksdb/6.27.3/include" \
CGO_LDFLAGS="-L/opt/homebrew/Cellar/rocksdb/6.27.3/lib -lrocksdb -lstdc++ -lm -lz -lbz2 -lsnappy -llz4 -lzstd -L/opt/homebrew/Cellar/snappy/1.1.9/lib -L/opt/homebrew/Cellar/lz4/1.9.3/lib/ -L /opt/homebrew/Cellar/zstd/1.5.1/lib/"  \
go install -ldflags '-w -s -X github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types.DBBackend=rocksdb' -tags rocksdb ./...
```

If it worked, when you start the chain you may get:

```
panic: failed to initialize database: IO error: No such file or directory: While mkdir if missing: /ssfour/juno/data/snapshots/metadata.db: No such file or directory
```

Then you can, for example:

```bash
mkdir -p /ssfour/juno/data/snapshots/metadata.db
```

> and it will start right up.

Reviewer: should we add a note saying to switch Juno to the apps name. toooo many people copy paste without reading

Author: ah definitely!

Author: I'm also going to try and figure out how to achieve rocksdb v7 compatibility here.

```bash
CGO_CFLAGS="-I/opt/homebrew/Cellar/rocksdb/6.27.3/include" \
CGO_LDFLAGS="-L/opt/homebrew/Cellar/rocksdb/6.27.3/lib -lrocksdb -lstdc++ -lm -lz -lbz2 -lsnappy -llz4 -lzstd -L/opt/homebrew/Cellar/snappy/1.1.9/lib -L/opt/homebrew/Cellar/lz4/1.9.3/lib/ -L /opt/homebrew/Cellar/zstd/1.5.1/lib/"  \
go install -ldflags '-w -s -X github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/types.DBBackend=rocksdb' -tags rocksdb ./...
```

If it worked, when you start the chain you may get:

```
panic: failed to initialize database: IO error: No such file or directory: While mkdir if missing: /ssfour/juno/data/snapshots/metadata.db: No such file or directory
```

> Then you can, for example:
> 
> 
> Note: change .chainname to the name of the chain that you're working with and make sure to change the "username" to your username. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In that case, run the following command, except with altering `.chainname` to the name of the chain that you're working with and `username` to be your username.
(Similarly change to be the path to your data directory if you use something non-default)
```
